"No one is wise by birth, for wisdom results from one own’s efforts. - T. Krishnamacharya",
"Master your breath, let the self be in bliss, contemplate on the sublime within you. - T. Krishnamacharya",
"Teach what is inside you. Not as it applies to you, to yourself, but as it applies to the other. - T. Krishnamacharya",
"Master your breath, let the self be in bliss, contemplate on the sublime within you. - T Krishnamacharya",
"Meditation results in marvels. - T. Krishnamacharya",
"The success of Yoga must not be measured by how flexible your body becomes, but rather by how much it opens your heart. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"A good teacher sees the commonality of all human beings and helps each individual find his uniqueness. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"When we are attentive to our actions we are not prisoners to our habits. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"The quality of our breath expresses our inner feelings. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"The world exists to set us free. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"Yoga is both the movement toward and the arrival at a point. - T. K. V. Desikachar",
"If you do not find peace within, you will not find it anywhere else. - Sivananda",
"The mind is responsible for the feelings of pleasure and pain. Control of the mind is the highest Yoga. - Sivananda",
"An ounce of practice is worth a ton of theory! - Sivananda",
"Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. - Sivananda",
"Love expects no reward. Love knows no fear. Love Divine gives - does not demand. Love thinks no evil; imputes no motive. To Love is to share and serve. - Sivananda",
"Fear is only in duality. Fear is Mind. When you are your Self, there is no fear. - Sivananda",
"Never worry about what other people say or think. Do the right. Have a clear conscience and roam about happily. - Sivananda",
"Don't fear the darkness if you carry the light within. - Sivananda",
"Giving is the secret of abundance. - Sivananda",
"You are the Master of your own Destiny - Sivananda",
"Individual Peace paves the way for world peace. The attainment of inner calm is the greatest work you can do for humanity. - Sivananda",
"There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient. - Sivananda",
"Yoga nidra is the yoga of aware sleep. In this lies the secret of self healing. Yoga Nidra is a pratyahara technique in which the distractions of the mind are contained and the mind is relaxed. - S. Saraswati",
"Just love. The rest is bullshit. - S. Saraswati",
"Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"Change yourself and you have done your part in changing the world. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"Be kind to others, so that you may learn the secret art of being kind to yourself. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"It is spiritual poverty, not material lack, that lies at the core of all human suffering. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"Don't rush anything. When the time is right it will happen. - Hplyrikz.com",
"I am a spark from the Infinite. \n I am not flesh and bones. \n I am light. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you. The future will take care of itself. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"Divisions are imaginary lines drawn by small minds. - Paramahansa Yogananda",
"How many lives are frittered away, age after age, in endless coming and going. Find out who you are! - Anandamayi Ma",
"When the mind is full of worldly desires, it is their very nature to confuse the mind. Withdraw the mind from outer things and turn it inwards. - Anandamayi Ma",
"Precious gems are profoundly buried in the earth and can only be extracted at the expense of great labor. - Anandamayi Ma",
"Life is movement. The more life there is, the more flexibility there is. The more fluid you are, the more you are alive. - Arnaud Desjardins",
"Happiness is not found, it is created. Happiness does not depend on all that we lack, but on the way in which we use all that we have. - Arnaud Desjardins",
"Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it. What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside. - Ramana Maharshi",
"Silence is truth. Silence is bliss. Silence is peace. And hence Silence is the Self. - Ramana Maharshi",
"Why should you trouble yourself about the future? You do not even properly know about the present. Take care of the present, the future will take care of itself. - Ramana Maharshi",
"No one succeeds without effort... Those who succeed owe their success to perseverance. - Ramana Maharshi",
"Peace is the inner nature of humankind. If you find it within yourself, you will then find it everywhere. - Ramana Maharshi",
"Mind is consciousness which has put on limitations. You are originally unlimited and perfect. Later you take on limitations and become the mind. - Ramana Maharshi",
"Don't be too quick to interpret the moment. Just keep quiet. - Mooji",
"Don't remind the world that it is sick and troubled. Remind it that it is beautiful and free. - Mooji",
"Who reminds you to breathe and to beat your heart? Something is there, taking care. - Mooji",
"All the ups and downs are grace in different wrappings, sent to refine consciousness. Say thanks to them all. - Mooji",
"You need nothing to be happy - you need something to be sad. - Mooji",
"Life is so much wiser and kinder than your mind imagines. Trust & Be Still. - Mooji",
"There is no path to happiness; happiness is the path. - Gautama Buddha",
"It's not what the mind says. \n It's how seriously it is taken. - Mooji",
"If you seek approval from others in this world, you will not know happiness. - Mooji",
"Under the obsessive thoughts and plans, under the emotions, positive and negative, there is an ocean of peace. - Gangaji",
"The inspiration you seek is already in side you, be silent and listen. - RUMI",
"When you are willing to stop looking for something in thought, you find everything in silence. - Gangaji",
"True forgiveness and love arise naturally, effortlessly, from the silence of the heart broken all the way open. - Gangaji",
"If you're laughing, you're healing. - Gangaji",
"Meditating is not a matter of saying i am going to meditate. It is, just for a moment retreating from the need to do anything and instead just be. - Gangaji",
"You have the freedom, ability and authority to love your life. Just be you, then wait. - Gangaji",